We've now identified these concurrency issues in action.
Now we need to figure out how to fix it.
We discussed way long ago when we were first talking about streaming server, how we're going to solve
these concurrency issues.
But let me just give you a very quick reminder, because it has been a pretty good amount of time.
So once again, we're going to make the series of three requests.
We're going to first create the ticket, then give it a price of ten and then 15.
So we'll start first with the ticket to a price of five.
So inside of our ticket service, we're going to process that request.
We're going to create some ticket.
We'll again say that it has an idea of Q set its price to five and then very critically the very first
time we create a record inside of our tickets database, we're going to assign it a version number and
we'll start off with a version number of one.
We're then going to produce and emit an event.
And this event is going to list not only the ID, the price, but also the version as well.
Now, naturally, remember, tickets also have a title.
We're just ignoring the title for the purposes of this diagram.
So we'll get this thing a version of one.
The version or that event is going to flow out to Napster's server and then onto one of our order services.
Inside of our order service.
We're going to take a look at this event.
We're going to attempt to create a record or a ticket with an idea.
Q A price of five.
And because this is the first time that we are creating this record, the first time we are touching
it ever, we're going to just say, okay, let's just take a version of one and stick it directly into
the database.
So I would put in a price of five and then the version of one like so.
So now we're going to imagine that we get these two follow up requests in very quick succession.
So the request to assign a price of ten and the request to get a price of 15.
So we will process that inside of our ticket service.
So we'll go to ten and whenever we make an update to our ticket, we are going to also increment the
version number.
So any time we make any change whatsoever to a ticket, we will always increment the version number.
So because we change this ticket, we will increment the version number to two.
And then we'll do the same thing with this other request right here.
Update the price to 15.
And because we made a change to this record, we will update the version to three.
So along with those two requests.
So we just processed your naturally also going to emit two separate events.
So we get updated.
Number one right here.
Update number two, the first one has a price of ten, then a price of 15.
And also very critically, we get a version of two and a version of three.
So now let's imagine what would happen if we process these events in the correct order.
So I would imagine that we're going to process this 1/1 since that is the correct order.
So this order service is going to say, hey, time to update some record called Queue.
The order service is going to look into the database.
It's going to find record queue and see that it has a version of one.
It's then going to take a look at the version list inside the event.
Because we have already processed version one of this record and this incoming record as a version of
two, we can say, awesome, fantastic.
There are no missing versions that we're missing out on.
Let's go ahead and process this event.
So we would set the price to ten, increment our version to two, and that's it.
We're all good.
We would then take care of the other updated event.
So once again we would take a look at record to see that we are on version two.
This event describes version three.
Awesome.
We have not missed any versions.
Let's process this thing.
So we go to price of 15 and a version of three.
So again, that is the ideal scenario.
Let's walk through this.
If we accidentally start to process our events out of order.
So we're going to imagine that we first processed the update to 15, not what we want to do, but it
might happen as we saw seven times out of 200 cases.
We process these things out of order.
So what would happen in this scenario?
Well, we would take a look at the record with Q we'd see that has a version of one, but we have a
record right here or an event that describes version three.
That means that we have missed out on a version.
Version two.
So because we have a missing version, we would throw some kind of error and say, Sorry, but we cannot
process this event right now.
Our listener would eventually time out on processing this thing.
It would time out because we would not call that function and because we have not act or acknowledged
this event.
That streaming server is going to decide to remit it after 5 seconds.
So in that 5/2 window, we are essentially hoping that we're going to see the correct events start to
show up.
So this ticket updated over here of version three is going to essentially time out and we're going to
see it again in 5 seconds.
And then in the meantime, we will see the correct event show up.
And this one actually IDC's cue has a version of two.
Awesome.
We're currently on version one, so we can process this one.
So we could increment to version two price of ten.
And that's it.
We would act that event and we're all good to go.
Then after those 5 seconds, that streaming server would reissue this event, and now we have processed
event version two.
So now we're on to version three.
Awesome.
So we can process this thing.
We would change our price to 15.
Set our version to three and we are all done.
So that is how this entire version flag right here is going to make sure that we always process these
events in the correct order.
Now, this is all stuff that we covered earlier on inside the course.
And you might remember that the last thing I said inside that video where we first discussed this was,
gee, it kind of sounds like a pain to have to manage this version.
Flag Right.
Kind of sounds like that's a little bit challenging.
But you might recall that in the previous video I had said and I'm going to say it again right now,
it turns out that Mongoose and MongoDB can manage all of this version stuff for us automatically.
Yes, that's right.
We don't actually have to do any of the stuff ourselves.
MongoDB and Mongoose can deal with all the versioning issues on its own, and we don't have to worry
about messing around with the version at all.
Okay.
So let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, next video, we're going to take a look at how we're going to use Mongoose and MongoDB
to implement this versioning thing for us.
The one thing I do want to mention, just as a quick little heads up.
Is that we are going to be altering the structure of these events.
So in other words, our ticket update event and the ticket event, they are going to have to include
this new version flag.
And that means that we will have to make an update to our common module.
I just want to mention that right now because that is something we're going to do very quickly.
We're going to update our common module, update the definition of our different events and say that
they're going to have this version flag included on them.
Okay.
Not a big deal, though.
I just wanted you to know that was something we're going to have to do.
Let's take a pause right here.
We're going to figure out how to use Mongoose, Mongoose and Mongo to manage this version.
Flag in just a moment.